we accidentally imagine ourselves as having for a head this strangely shaped box or a bird feeder with a triangular roof or something similar and we are sitting in the front passenger seat of an old car and someone we care a lot about asks, <b><i>who are you?</i></b> and we think for a minute, and then another. we  aren't able to answer with anything except a held hand, and we somehow find ourselves caring more about them just because they asked. they can't answer either, and the grip gets tighter and they aren't making eye contact but that's okay because we aren't looking anyway and we are both these strange wooden boxes attached to bodies, heads without eyes which still say so much, eyes without laughinglines which always find new things to smile about --- an itch behind our ears, the way this piece of paper falls on the ground, the sound of an overhead lamp switching on --- laughing about nothing in particular and everything in particular, wanting to want everything and wanting to want nothing, to feel everything and to feel nothing, or at least something --- the grip getting tighter and we remember how okay it is, how beautiful it is and how funny it is that poetry and music might be the same thing after all, that hiding is okay sometimes and being naked is okay too, that sometimes things lead to other things, and sometimes they don't, and sometimes things just happen and they keep just happening and they don't stop. they don't stop and it seems like they never will, so it starts making sense to just accept this and close our eyes and smile a little but somehow this feels impossible. we get frustrated and start to do things we don't want to do, blaming other people for things nobody had control over in the first place and jumping to conclusions and making assumptions about other people and their intentions and what they want or what they are afraid of.
|||
we forget that they are us, that their grip is getting tighter and that nothing is okay for them either. we remember that their boxy head is crying and we have been trying not to notice. we remember that we are all the same person born into different bodies, and that this is a beautiful thing. this is a beautiful thing. this is a beautiful thing.
