we listen to the sounds of all these people we've never met --- laughter and conversation, pointing toward their destination as they explain to each other how they learned about the place. so many different types of hats. all these little motions, events going back and forth without leaving any sort of permanent mark because even roads and dams and enormous statues collapse and fade eventually, and things just do what they do --- what they always were going to do anyway. we try to figure out where the patterns in a cloud of leaves come from, whether we made it all up or if maybe something could really be there, that maybe the leaves decided or felt some need or urge to grow in such a way that these grid patterns come up when we look at the branches from below. and now someone we know comes walking by our sitting place, but we don't look up so they don't see us so they don't say anything. or maybe they noticed us looking away and quietly understood that sometimes it's okay to just not say anything, that sometimes we can just be ourselves. we don't know, really. and they walk out of sight. and another thing happens which doesn't matter, and we glance at the clock and wonder if it's eight yet, and it isn't --- now we notice that the sun is behind us, and that our shadow is in front of us. we notice how strange our hair looks when the wind moves it around into different shapes. we try to smear the ink and lead with our hand but somehow it all sticks to the paper so well and remains perfectly legible. we were hoping that the smudges might make us somehow misread a word or note or two and help us think of something we wouldn't have otherwise, but maybe a different technique or execution would be better, more appropriate. we question the idea of relevancy for a moment, and let it go. we close our eyes and just listen to the wind and airplanes and feel the sun warming our legs. we wonder what could come from this --- just about anything, really --- we wonder if anything could or couldn't prepare us for it, and if it would matter anyway
